This video is brought to you by Corsair,
Thor, the god of thunder, strength,
lightning, and throwing your party
members. Well, maybe not quite the last
one, but we're going to combine all
these elements into a fun multiclass
today. Taking the new giant barb and
mixing it with fighter, we'll end up
with a thunder and lightning focused
monster that throws weapons, chucks
party members, and slams the ground with
thunderous fury. Now, I've done this
build before, but this is an updated
version where I focus more on the
barbarian levels and the new barbarian
subclass. If this is your first time on
my channel, the way I do things is by
uploading the knowledge of my videos.
So, with that being said, this build is
very straightforward. You'll be taking
10 levels of giant barb and then finally
two levels of fighter to give us action
surge. That'll unlock an additional
action for us to do some serious damage.
In my builds, I typically don't favor
heavy elixir play, but I wanted to
showcase how disgusting Tavern Brawler
can be in this build. So, I'll be using
the feat tavern brawler, then using
elixirs of hill or cloud giant strength,
depending on where you're at in the
game. Honestly, this is a pretty cookie
cutter giant barb. The real unique
elements are the items that we'll be
taking. So, you can find all this
information linked in the written build
guide below. But if that's all you
wanted to know, please feel free to shut
the video down. As always, I want to be
respectful of your time. You can jump to
any part of the video that interests you
the most using the chapters with the
timeline in the description. before you
head out if you find the information in
this video helpful. Though, please don't
forget to like, comment, or subscribe,
as each one of those things helps me out
in a huge way. Also, take a look at my
Twitch linked in the comment and
description where I'll be streaming my
pure evil run using this build and
plenty of other ones. Let's get started
here on my Carlac God of Thunder build
in Balderskate 3. And just as a heads
up, the next 2 minutes and 14 seconds
will be an advertisement now for
Corsair. So, I just built out a brand
new computer in prep for a lot of the
more graphic intensive launches coming
like Doom, Dune, GTA, and what have you.
And Corsera was kind enough to send me a
Titan IQ Link 360 RX Liquid Cooling
AIO. Big breath of air there. I've been
building computers since I was like in
my teens, and Corsair, for me
personally, has always been a stamp of
excellence. And usually, you watch these
ads and it was something that was sent
unprompted. Nay, I told Corsair what I
was building cuz I talked to them at
TwitchCon and they were happy to work
alongside me to help me build my brand
new spaceship. Having come from the
Corsair IQ H150i LCD, I was already
playing around with an CPU cooler with a
LCD screen on it. But the Titan 360
comes with an even better LCD screen
that has LEDs in the cap, allowing for a
ton of lighting customization. I can see
system temps, images, or even animated
GIFs if you want to have some fun and be
cheeky. What I really like here is the
flow drive cooling engine with
three-phase motor. And that's like the
most marketing thing ever. But what does
that mean? Well, Corsair has built a
proprietary pump, whereas most companies
just kind of piece this out from a lot
of other companies. But that pump no
longer has the distinctive hum that
comes with most closed loop AIO's.
Truly, what I hear now is the three high
performance RX120 fans, hence the name
360RX that come with the cooler and the
bevy of the other Corsair fans in the
monster that I have before me. Since I
also swapped from Intel, the Corsair
Titan affords compatibility across both
Intel socket LGA1 1851 and AMD AM5,
which is a standard they've always held,
but was one I wanted to ensure was
present. Lastly, I want my computer to
look like it's ready for a laser light
show at Excess nightclub with Tiestto
headlining. So, with 44 individually
addressable RGB LEDs on the pump and
cap, like I talked about before, the
only thing missing is CO2 explosions
coming out of the side of this computer
as I'm rolling through a good time.
Again, a huge shout out and thank you to
Corsair for providing me with this
behemoth of an AIO. If you're in the
market to pick one up, you can find a
link in my description or one should pop
up in the corner directing you to the
Titan. But with that being said, let's
get started on our video. Loading into
the character creation screen. Let's
have some fun. Now, remember this is a
single player narrative game, so please
choose any race that makes sense for you
and the RP you have in mind for this
character. Now, while I have discussed
this being a Carlac build, we're going
to show it as a build that you can use
for your main character or for her.
After this point in the video, I'll just
be showing it from Carlac's perspective,
but the races I actually do enjoy for
this are the Tlings. Um, I like pretty
much any race for a barbarian that gets
them resistance to a damage type. So, in
this case, we're going to get resistance
to fire damage. Um, but another real
good one here is the dwarfs because
dwarfs are going to give you resistance
to poison. Specifically though, the
dwagar. The dwgar will get their own
version of enlarge that you can use as
well. and they also get an advantage on
being charmed or paralyzed. It's one of
the best races in the game in my
opinion, especially too for this uh
specific build. The Drow are always
cool. Um Githar are fun because I like
this ability here for astral knowledge.
So if you're this is your main
character, what's cool about this is you
can use astral knowledge to get profic
proficiency in all skills of a chosen
ability. So for example, the
conversational skills are all of the
charisma ability. and we're not really
focusing on that. We're barbarian,
right? So, you can use astral knowledge
to give you a proficiency in them to
help push through a challenging
discussion point. What I will say though
is it is challenging to throw things as
a smaller character. So, if you're like
a small race, even like a halfling,
which is great, you know, using lucky,
it's going to be harder for you to throw
stuff. even dwarfs which are not um
they're not necessarily a small race. Uh
they they are a little bit larger than
the other ones but um the smaller ones
like halfling and gnome um when you use
your giant barb it's going to increase
your size. So, the larger races like
Tling, human, half orc, dragon born,
elf, drow, uh, gith, half elf, they'll
all be able to throw things even, uh,
uh, um, I guess you can say not larger
things, but yeah. Yeah, larger things
because they themselves will be larger
as a result of a giant barb. So, just
know that like I wouldn't jump into a
gnome or a halfling, for example,
because of that limitation. Um, you can
see here ra r ra r ra r ra r ra r ra r
ra r ra r ra r ra ratial speed there is
uh 25 versus this being 30 because of
their size. Um, so just know those
things. Again, tiffing though stand out.
I I always do like dragon born because
using breath attacks is fun. You can use
a specific weapon that it goes alongside
it. But halfworks are also fun because
they do get their critical hits with
melee weapon attacks. We will be
throwing things. Um, so this doesn't
really trigger, but you do get
relentless endurance. So if you get
knocked down to zero hit points, you
come back with one hit point. So always
great to see those things. Uh, Telings
though, I would go Zaryel Teling by the
way because the Zariel Telling cantrips,
they scale off of constitution versus
these two will scale off of charisma.
So, I would just recommend that. It's
also my favorite Teling. Now, into
class, we're going to, of course, go
with barbarian. This is going to give us
an armored defense, which is nice. Here,
while not wearing armor, you get add
your constitution modifier to your armor
class. And we're going to have a ton of
constitution here to really play around
with. for our background. Please choose
one that fits the roleplay of your
character. If you're not going with
Carlac, as always, just choose something
that kind of fits, right? Create the RP
because your background is how you're
going to get inspirations, and
inspirations are going to allow you to
reroll um hard conversational things you
might have missed, any big roles you
could otherwise can't roll. So, maybe
you're an outlander who this whole time
has been a barbarian and you've been
living off the land. Maybe you're a a
noble or a noble son that has ass is ass
is ass is ass is ass is ass is ass is
ass is ass is ass is assued their royal
or maybe even noble blood to live in the
wildlands of the of the barbarians
lifestyle. Maybe you are a former
soldier who's so riddled with PTSD all
you do is warm wander the fields as
barbarian screaming at rocks and
punching bears. Who knows what it is?
You have any number of things. My
typical minmax uh selection though, if
you don't want to if you just want to
like, hey, just give me one to choose
guy is guild artisan because I always
like having specialization and insight
and persuasion. It does help with a lot
of conversational things. When it comes
to your skills, you'll choose skills
that make sense for your character, the
roleplay you have in mind, and what have
you. If it's your face character, I
always recommend choosing one of the
conversational skills. And intimidation
for barbarians is quite cool because
there's a lot of really fun um barbarian
themed uh dialogue options that are also
intimidation options. So if you've never
gone with intimidation for a uh not a
voice skill um a conversational skill, I
definitely recommend it. Also, another
very important one is athletics. I don't
usually recommend athletics. Um, but
this is important for one of the
barbarians abilities because their
ability to to kick things is based off
of their athletic skill. So, make sure
you have this. You'll probably have it
uh if you're playing Carlac, she just
gets it natively, but depending on your
your background will determine whether
or not athletics has been triggered.
Just make sure you have a proficiency
point in it so you can help out with
those kicks. Let's take a look now at
those ability points. So, when it comes
to our ability points, we have two ways
of approaching this. If you're
comfortable with elixirs and you like to
minmax that game play, you can
definitely go about that with minimal
strength focusing on decks and
constitution. I'm going to assume that
you maybe are not the best with elixirs
or you don't want to rely on a specific
elixir. So, I'm going to build out this
character with a lot of strength. It's
worth noting that this character is
going to be so strong regardless of
whether or not you choose elixirs that
elixirs just makes it really, really,
really foul. So, I'll I'll talk about
that in a separate section, but we're
going to put all of our points right
here into strength with a plus two. When
we choose Tavern Brawler, we'll put it
into strength, and that's going to set
it to 18. Um, then our constitution, we
want as high as it can go with a plus
one. That's going to make it 16. We're
going to put two points into wisdom.
This is going to help us deflect any
kind of charm or impairing effects onto
the character. And then we're going to
put the rest of the points into
dexterity. Dexterity is going to give us
initiative. It's going to give us armor
class, but remember, we are a barbarian,
right? So, we're also going to pull more
armor class from our constitution as
well. So, we're going to get the plus
two plus the plus three into our AC when
we're not wearing armor as a barbarian.
So, this is the build if you are going
um really without worrying about
strength elixir. If you wanted to focus
on strength elixir, you'd probably bring
this back down to 10 and do like
something like that, you know, and then
just kind of dump it here into probably
something like something like this. If I
was going to use strength elixirs, but
if you're not worried about that, you
don't know what I'm talking about, then
just just do what I said before and
you'll be just fine. Let's go ahead and
bring myself back to that if I can
remember how to read or write. There we
go. Uh, there we go. Perfect. Yeah. So,
that's our stats here for this
character. Let's jump into the leveling.
Leveling up, as I said before, is very
straightforward. We'll jump into level
two. That's going to give us our class
action of danger sense, which is
advantage on deck saving throws against
trapped spells and services. And we'll
get reckless attack. Jumping into level
three, that's going to give us our um
subass. Now, the typical old school of
throwing barb was using berserker
because berserker got enraged throw,
which was a bonus action. It's still a
great route and you could go with that
with this build and be just fine. But
we're going to focus on the patch 8
subasses going with giant. Giant's going
to give us a vabra greed which increases
our carry capacity by a quarter. If
you're a human, this increases your
carry capacity by a total of a half
because a human gets a quarter plus this
gets us a quarter. So, it's nice. Now,
we get our special giants rage here,
which is going to increase our size and
your rage damage bonus is doubled on
throw attacks. It's it's it's going to
really not be good here, guys. It's
going to be really disgusting as far as
that amount of damage that's coming out
of you between this and Tavern Brawler.
So, just hold on to your butts as the
famous Samuel Jackson would say. So,
that's our setup for level three into
level four. We get nothing except for
our feet. Let's go into our options for
feats. Now, the biggest thing we need
here, the first thing we need here is
Tavern Brawler. It's going to be right
here, and we're going to get plus one
point to one of these two abilities. So,
we've gone with strength. This is why
this is nice for Carlac, right? Cuz
usually when you're playing the game,
uh, your main character is going to get
the hag's hair. And if you've never
played, you'll not know what that means,
so don't worry about it. It wasn't a
spoiler. So, this allows us to get our
strength up to 18, which is good because
remember, Tavern Brother is going to
double this. When you make an unarmed
attack, use an improvised weapon or
throw something. Your strength modifier
is uh is added twice to the damage and
attack rolls. It's also doing that
because of our rage. So, like I said,
it's going to be not good. It's gonna
And I don't we're I don't know if it
goes double then double, but I'm pretty
sure it's separate damage instances. So,
they they get doubled individually, not
as a like, okay, it doesn't double our
strength modifier, then double that. So,
I'm saying it doesn't do uh 16. Well,
either way, I'll explain that more in
the combat section. But um when it comes
to our other feed choices, ability
improvement I quite like because I want
to bring my strength up to a native 20.
Ability improvement can only work up to
20. Right? It says you increase ability
by two or two abilities by one to a max
of 20. Another good option here is
alert. That's a really famous one, but
barbarian has alert built into its kit.
So I'm actually not interested in that.
The only difference is that barbarians
alert is a plus three bonus versus the
versus the plus five bonus. Uh, but I
think really the two that we're going to
focus on here are ability improvement
because we're going to focus on strength
and also uh, Tavern Brawler, and we're
only going to get two perks in this
build. So, we're going to start with
Tavern Brawler first and then take
ability score improvement later in the
build. Now, on to level five, we get
access to our extra attack, which is
meaning we're going to be able to throw
twice per primary action. We're also
going to get access here to fast
movement. So, 10 feet increased movement
speed while not wearing heavy armor.
Remember, we talked about athletics.
Well, now boot of the giants is going to
come in. Try to kick a target away. Your
chances depend on your athletics and are
higher if you're hidden or invisible. We
won't be doing either of the latter two,
but we will be kicking stuff if it gets
close to us. And it's a bonus action.
So, it's a cool way to clear things out
rather than just pressing shove cuz you
will do damage to them. That's the
important thing there. So, after level
five, we'll go ahead and move forward
here into level six. We'll get another
um little guy here, but this is a real
important one. Elemental Cleaver.
Channel primordial might into your
weapon. Until the end of your rage, your
weapon will deal additional acid, cold,
fire, lightning, or thunder damage and
will gain the throne property. If
thrown, it will immediately reappear in
your hand. This is the most important
skill of the entire build right now
because after this, you could you could
jump into a different subclass if you
wanted and completely go off the rails
from this video. In fact, I encourage
it. Um, but this is important for two
reasons. Um, one, well, three reasons.
one, the thing the the weapon you throw
will reappear in your hand. Usually,
you'd have to do something like go into
Eldrich Knight or have a camp follow to
Eldrich Knight to bond something. You
don't have to worry about that. Now,
secondly, we can now have things do
either thunder or lightning damage. Both
will play into the way that we're
playing this build. Thunder damage being
primarily the one we want to focus on.
And lastly, the throne property. So, why
this is important? It means that every
single weapon in the game is now viable
for this build. Prior to this, you would
have to use something that had the
throne property. The throne property is
important because what this means is
when thrown, these weapons deal the same
damage they would for a melee attack. If
it doesn't have the throne property, so
for example, the Baluran giant slayer
that does not have thrown, it will use
the weapon's weight as the consideration
for the damage. This now makes it so you
can throw the Baldder and Giant Slayer
as a two-handed weapon and it will do
its damage to the target. that is
insanely strong and it allows us to
pretty much play with whatever weapon we
want for this build and it really makes
for some fun um additional things. And
again, we're going to be adding thunder
damage or lightning damage to stuff to
play in with plenty of other items. So,
that's a big one that we're going to be
choosing. Into level seven here, we're
going to get our diet um alert. So,
feral instinct, you gain three bonus to
initiative and can't be
surprised. Into eight, we're also going
to get a new feat. Like I said, we're
going to go ability improvement and put
it into strength. Uh you can choose
whatever else you want in this location.
Like I said, you can use alert. It will
stack with the previous one, so you'd
have plus eight bonus initiative, but
since we already have it and we have a
decent amount of dexterity, I'm not too
worried about it. You're already going
to be just so strong. Uh level nine, we
get our brutal criticals. When you land
a critical hit, you roll an extra damage
of die as well as the normal additional
critical die. So, you just do way more
damage with your crits. And then further
into level 10 where our last barbarian
level occurs, we get mighty impel. This
is a bonus action. You can now throw
throw a creature or object that is
medium-sized or smaller. Majority of
things you fight in the game are
medium-sized or smaller at least. So,
it's easy for your character, which is
going to be larger than mediumsiz, to
throw things all over the place. Heavier
creatures and objects deal more damage
on impact. So, if you were to throw
something that was small or tiny, you
would do less damage than something that
was medium. So, that's what it's time to
say here. So, we'll take this level.
We'll go into our 11th character level
and switch over to fighter. Now, the
reason I'm going with fighter is because
it's going to unlock action surge. You
could go with two levels into anything.
There's not really a lot of stuff that
really plays here. If we went nine
instead of 10, we would probably go with
something like rogue to get unlock
additional bonus actions. But because
mighty impel comes at level 10 for
barbarian, this just gives us the
highest chance to succeed in whatever we
do. Now, for our fighting style, you can
go uh defense if you chose to wear
armor. My build is not wearing armor. Um
you can go with great weapon fighting.
When you roll a one or two or damage die
for an attack with a two-handed melee
weapon, that die is rerolled once. So,
I'm just going to go ahead and go with
that. Um, I haven't been able to test if
this actually works with throwing, but
it gives me the ability to use that
weapon in close combat a little bit
easier. So, that is your option there.
Um, you can also go two weapon fighting
if you want to start chucking stuff like
that, but it's it's entirely up to you.
And our last skill or level here goes
into fighter to also give us action
surge. We're also going to have a
disgusting amount of hit points because
remember the amount of hit points you
get per level as a barbarian is the
highest of any class, followed then by
fighter. well, fighter and a number of
other ones, but 1D, it's like 1d12 and
1d10, I believe. Uh, so we have a lot of
health. We have high constitution. And
once I press accept, we're going to have
even more of all that because I have
some elixir active and some um items
active that are just going to increase
my um health through the through the
roof. But action serve is going to
action serve, action surge is going to
give us an additional action to use as
well. So before we even get started on
items, I do want to talk about one
important thing, and it's elixir. If
you're comfortable with elixirs, you've
played the game plenty of times, this is
going to be just a refresher course. If
you're brand new to the game, it's
important to know that elixirs are
special potions that will last until
long rest and usually give you some
very, very strong effects. So, what
we're going to see here are four primary
elixirs that I like to play with with
this build. If you really want to go
hard in the paint and cheese your
strength and really just push that
modifier to the max, you'll want to use
the elixir of hill giant strength in the
beginning portions of act one. You'll be
able to find all the ingredients for
this by talking to any of the alchemist
characters in the game to get those
ingredients that then make those
potions. Eventually though, you'll be
able to craft the better version of
this, which is the elixir of cloud giant
strength. Increases a creature's
strength strength. Strength increases a
creature's strength. strength to 27.
This elixir can be thrown at a target to
apply its effects, of course, but it set
it to 27. It's the highest it can
natively be. It's super strong here,
right? Remember, we're going to be able
to double that and then double that
again because giants and all sorts of
fun stuff. So, that is really strong.
But if you don't want to focus on the
strength elixir cuz you're like, this is
just too cheesy. It it trivializes so
much of the game, even using something
like blood lust is very good. Once per
turn, when you kill a foe, you gain five
temp hit points and an additional
action. It's worth noting in honor mode
and I believe um the one right below
honor mode, this only occurs once, but
in the standard balanced and below, this
will occur infinitely in a in in a
round, I believe. So, you can just keep
killing things and keep having this
skill. But in honor mode, this will the
additional action only occurs once per
combat round. Then there's the elixir of
viciousness, which is going to increase
your critical hit chance. Well,
basically, it reduces it by one, right?
So rather than rolling a 20 to critical
hit, you can roll a 19 and a 20 with
this elixir quafted plus any of other um
critical hit bonuses that you can take
advantage of. So I wanted to talk about
elixir cuz they are a very big focus um
from the community and from just
minmaxing of this build, but I didn't
want you to think that you had to use
them if you don't want to. Now
unfortunately there's a lot of items for
this build I do not have. So let's go
through some of them here to show them
off. One of the first ones, most
important ones is the gloves of
belligerent skies that you can use
instead of the gloves that I'll be
showing which is the gloves of
uninhibited Kush the Kushiko set gloves.
So gloves of belligerent skies here when
the wearer deals thunder lightning
damage inflict two turns of reverb upon
the target. We would use this in
conjunction with the ring of spiteful
thunder. When the wearer deals thunder
damage to reverberating creature, it
becomes days unless it succeeds a
constitution saving throw. and this
thunder skin cloak. When a creature with
reverb deals damage to the wearer, the
creature needs to make a constitution
saving throw or become dazed. So, we
would stack this up as much as well with
the boots of stormy clamor. When the
wearer inflicts a condition upon a
hostile target, they also inflict two
turns of reverb reverb. So basically
hitting anything with thunder damage,
which we're going to get access to
freely at level six, just means, which
is roughly when you would get almost all
these items, means that you're almost
always going to trigger reverberation on
things, meaning you're going to knock
them prone, meaning you're going to
really just get all of your critical
hits on the target almost always. It's
really disgusting. It's a really, really
strong combination, and it fits the
theme of this build. It's why I've used
it. It's why I'm focusing on it. Another
ring I actually don't have is the ring
of flinging. The wearer deals 1d4 bonus
to throw damage. You get all this stuff
in act one. So you can you can your
character gets online extremely quickly
and they can just do damage throughout
the entirety of their turn. Another one
too that I don't have that also you get
in act one is the returning pike. Uh
this weapon will return to its owner
when thrown. You don't need to worry
about this after you get level six, but
it's a way that you can be a throwing
barb before getting level six basically.
So you don't need to really worry about
that. you can just use this because it
automatically will return to you and it
has the throne property again. You'll
get that in the very beginning in act
four in act one around level four. So
you can use your um tavern brawler
capability and the returning pike quite
quickly. Now another piece of armor too
that I don't have is the enraging heart
garb raging the wearer generates two
turns of wrath and you get plus two
constitution. You'll get this in the
beginning of act two. It's nice because
you're always going to enrage. It's
always going to give you two turns of
wrath, which means it increases your
damage by two, and it gives you two
constitution. So, it's a really nice one
that you can take advantage of. Um, but
it is one that I don't have that I do
want to talk about because a lot of the
stuff I'm going to show off is stuff
that is like either not going to be
useful until you get into act three when
you're going to swap into the bone spike
guard, which is really, really good. But
you can really use any armor as long as
it's not actual armor, right? Even the
blood guzzler guard, when an enemy
damages the wearer, the wearer gains
wrath for two turns. This is an act one
that you can use instead. So, there's
plenty of armor that is not well plenty
of cloth that is not armor. So, those
are the items that Oh, yeah. There's one
more thing. The haste helm. You get this
in the very beginning of the game in the
blighted village, and it can be useful
all the way up to act three if you wish.
At the start of combat, the wearer gains
momentum for three turns. That's a 15 ft
increase to your movement speed. And
since there's not a ton of helmets that
are really contested for this character,
you can use this the entire time and be
totally fine until you get the bone
spike uh helmet or the marksman hat. You
gain a plus one bonus to ranged attack
rolls and thrown attack roles. It's kind
of goofy, but you can also hide this hat
if you don't want to actually see it on
your character, but you'll get this in
act two, I believe, at the um at the
Moonrise Citadel. Moonrise. Nope.
Moonrise Towers. Um, so you can get that
on the character as well, just to do
more damage. Um, well, get your your
ranged attacks and thrown attacks online
easier. Attack rolls are not damaged.
So, uh, that those are the items I don't
have. Let's jump into the items I do
have. So, for our weapons, you have a
lot of options. You're pretty much going
to use whatever weapon you want as you
play through because you can just apply
throne to whatever you want after level
six, right? So, please, I encourage you
to try out new weapons that you would
otherwise not use for this build because
the throw barb has a set number of um
weapons that have been spouted out on
the internet for ages ever since the
build was really brought online. So, I
encourage you to play with a bunch of
them. So, what we have here is the
faithbreaker, which you can use the very
beginning of the game. Um, you'll get
this in the uh goblin camp, but you can
also have fun with stuff like the
draketh throat glaive where you can
imbue a draconic elemental weapon onto
stuff. Um, this used to give us a plus
one as well as also giving us elemental
weapon damage, but now it only gives us
the elemental weapon damage. The plus
one is baked into the item. Um, so this
makes you can't superficially buff up
items um, weapon enchantments. It kind
of sucks there. It's a minor nerf. Um,
but you can use this and then also add
your draconic um I'm sorry, not your
draconic glaive, your your special
barbarian glaive. This one. Aha, there
it is. Elemental cleaver. So, you can
use elemental cleaver on stuff to then
give it that that further capability of
even more thunder damage. Um, even if
you wanted to use the Balderon's giant
slayer, you could use Balderon's giant
slayer and also get giant form and get
the other fun stuff here. So, this
weapon grants you advantage on attack
rolls against large, huge, or gargantuan
creatures. On a hit, double the damage
from your strength modifier. So, a lot
of crazy stuff can be done with Baldon's
Giant Slayer. Near Luna is a really,
really good one. It's probably the best
in slot one for this build because it
has native thunder damage and then it
explodes with more thunder damage. You
also gain a plus foot 10-ft bonus to
movement speed and jump distance and
equipping this weapon gives you immunity
to f to falling damage. So, oh, also it
has a plus three weapon enchantment. And
you get these abilities here. Um, you
can use Zephyr Flash when enraged
because it's a weapon action, not a
spell. H, same thing here with, oh, I'm
sorry, Zephr break, you cannot because
it is a spell. So, um, those two things
you have to consider. This one you won't
be able to if you're enraged. This one
you can u, but enraging is a bonus
action. So, you can use this first and
then go enraged. So, just think about
those things and how you want to really
play with them. But, Zephr Flash you can
definitely take advantage of. And it
does thunder damage, so you can trigger
all the thunder effects on all the items
that we've talked about. so far. Um,
also another really good one that you
get pretty early, it's in act two, is
the corpse grinder. Uh, the cool thing
about this is it does the 1d4 thunder
damage, but it also has this really cool
effect to just slam the ground and then
do um more thunder damage. So, I just
really like that one. So, those are all
of your items. You can use pretty much
any weapon that you want in the game and
have a ton of fun with it. And I'm going
to show you how we can really play a lot
with that. Um, I for the range stuff, I
have the Hellfire engine crossbow on
here because it has lightning arrow
thematically for this build. Remember
though, you can't use this unless you
are if you're enraged. So, just just
know that before you want to equip this.
And you'll only get this in act three
depending upon when you do the specific
thing that gets you this. No spoilers.
And there's also though the dead shot,
which helps reduce your critical hits by
one. So rather than being 20, it's 19.
As I've said before, you use this with
the elixir of viciousness. Now you're
going to critical hit on an 18 or higher
which is really really fun. Now on to
our items or I guess our gear. So for
your helmet I'm using right now the hell
dusk helmet. You can see in magical and
ordinary darkness and you cannot be
blinded. The wearer has a plus two bonus
to saving throws against spells and they
can't land critical hits against them.
I'm sorry. Where's or attackers can't
land critical hits against them. You
also get imilating gaze which is a class
action not a class action lawsuit. Um
but this allows you to work. This will
work even if you are enraged. So, it's a
cool thing that you can do. A really
popular one though that you can use is
bone spike helmet. When you are enraged,
um creatures around you have to take a
wisdom saving throw or take psychic
damage and the target receives half
damage on a save and they get
intimidation plus two. Really, it's
dealer's choice here. I just really like
the hell dust helmet. I look I think it
looks really cool. Neither of these are
very Thoresque. I guess this is maybe
like a little closer, but it's just not
the coolest looking helmet in the game
in my opinion. The fistbreaker helm
though you can use early in the game. A
plus one bonus to spell save DC. You get
a plus one bonus to initiative rolls.
That haste helm I talked about. Um or
the marksman hat. Plenty of helmets that
you can use. It's really down to you.
For your cloak. If you want to go with
all the thunder damage stuff that we
talked about, just go with a thunderskin
cloak. It's perfect. When a creature
with reverb deals damage to the wearer,
the creature needs to make a
constitution saving throw or become
dazed. Other cloaks though, uh the cloak
of protection is always good because it
just gives you AC. Right. If I put this
on, you can see our AC is already at 20
because of our constitution and
everything. So, you have plenty of
benefits from that. Other ones though
are just simply the flesh melter cloak.
So, something does damage, it does acid
damage back. I love the cloak of
displacement because it just basically
casts blur on you at the beginning of
combat. It's a cool defensive one since
you're not really going to be up close
and personal. I guess for this video,
I'll put this on because I don't have
the thunder stuff. Now, for your armor,
in act two, you will get the mighty
cloth. You gain bull strength and
increase your strength score by two to a
max of 20. This is actually really
helpful because you won't get improved
ability score until level eight, right?
So, the mighty cloth will set your
strength to 20 until then. So, it's a
very, very convenient and fun thing to
use because take a look at this.
Remember, hill giant strength sets our
strength to 21. There is no difference
between 20 and 21 as far as our
additional ability points go. At 20,
it's the same number right here. This
plus right here as 21. So remember, it's
every two points that you get a plus one
to this uh check uh box. That's not the
right term, but I just my brain my
brain. Um also, you cannot be pushed
against your will and have an advantage
on saving throws against being
restrained. Bull strength through you
can just carry tons and tons of weight.
um advantage on strength checks and
carrying capacity is doubled. So it was
it was already increased by 1/4. Now
it's increased by double everything. So
it's really nice to be able to be able
to basically carry everything in the
game. You also get bull rush. It is a
class action. So you can use this while
enraged as well. But I definitely
recommend that until you get the bone
spike garb. You gain 15 10 hit points
when you rage and reduce all incoming
damage by two. When the wearer is struck
by a melee attack, the attacker takes
six piercing damage. It's just such a
good one. Now, as far as our glove slots
go, I like the gloves of uninhibited
Kushiggo. I thought it was not
uninhibited when I was talking earlier.
I was like, is it uninhibited yet? I
don't remember. But the wearer deals an
additional 1d4 damage with throw attacks
and attacks made with improvised
weapons. So, if you use this with the um
the ring of flinging, it's 1d4 plus an
additional 1d4 of damage. It's why you
stack those two together so much. But
other ones you can use here are stuff
like the flawed hell dust gloves for
fire damage here. um or the hell dust
gloves for even more fire damage. Plus,
I think rays of rays of fire is a
cantrip. Um so I do not believe you can
use it while
enraged. But there's also the bone spike
gloves. Your attacks ignore resistance
to slashing, piercing, and budgeoning
damage. So you can try to bypass that
entirely if you want. Now for our boots,
I like the bone spike boots here. Plus
one bonus to armor class and saving
throws. As long as you are not wearing
armor or holding a shield, your jump
distance is increased by 5t. And for me
that kind of simulates the Thor concept
of flying. Um, also your jump is
converted to a brutal leap, so it can
knock things prone in addition to all of
the reverb that knocks things prone. Of
course though, this would take the place
of your boots of stormy clamor. So
consider that. Both of these slots are
going to replace the thunder stuff. So
decide for yourself. Do you want to
focus on the throwing damage and like
kind of the mobility of these or the
thunder damage and the thunder concept
and reverberation? Thematically, thunder
is where we would go because this
build's called Thor, but min maxi, it's
up to you. Um, other boots though that
you can use, I actually really like the
Heldusk boots. You just get them so late
in the game. Um, they because they have
their hellcrawler ability here, you just
teleport and blow up into a big uh uh
explosion of fire, but you can't be
forcibly moved or by a fo's spells or
actions. You ignore the effects of
difficult terrain. Also too is the boots
of speed. Simple uh bead speed boots.
The early linereaker boots are quite
good. Once per turn when you dash, you
gain wrath. So that's two plus to your
damage, right? Uh disintegrating
nightstalkers. They're just misty step.
You can take advantage of those if you
so wish. Just kind of go with whatever
you'd like. Now, when it comes to our
amulet here, um one of the contested
slots here, or I guess one of the
contested items is always going to be
this one. The amulet of greater health
is really good because it sets your
constitution to 23. That's great because
remember that's how you get more armor
class. But you might not be using this
might be being used on another
character. So just consider that kind of
factor into it. Okay, do I want the
increased armor class on this character?
Let me just kind of factor this whole
situation out before I go into
it. Um just wanted to see something. Um
also too, you have the moon drop
pendant. So when the wearer has 50% hit
points or less, they don't provoke
opportunity attacks. Amulet of the
Harper's advantage on wisdom saving
throws. If you want, you can go with the
lightning blast stuff, which is the
there is a trident that you can throw
that does lightning damage. You get at
the very beginning of the game. There's
a number of lightning charged focused
items at the very beginning. They're
only in act one. And then you get
lightning blast here, which triggers all
them to blow things
up. Uh focus your veins to strengthen
your next lightning spell or can Oh, I'm
sorry. I thought that this would have
the ability to um blow up your lightning
charges that you could just do it
yourself. I'm sorry I misspoke there,
but you can go with all the lightning
stuff if you want. Just most of it is
unfortunately, as you saw, it's spell
themed, which is not how we're going
with this character. Another really nice
um item you can use is my treasure trove
of items over here that I did not put on
the character because, you know, why
make an actual comprehensive good video
when I can actually have a ramshackle
one is the Fay Semblance Amulet. You
have advantage on intelligence, wisdom,
and charisma saving throws. All three of
those stats you have quite low in this
character, so it gives you the chance to
save against them a little bit better.
It's a defensive amulet versus the
amulet of greater health is a defensive
amulet as well, but it just gives you
lots of health. Right, we have 159 on
this character right now. Then lastly,
for rings, we have access to the killer
sweetheart to help try to guarantee a
critical hit. Ring of regeneration just
for some healing, but you can go with
the crusher's ring. You can go with the
spurred band. You can go with
coruscation ring here. So when the
wearer deals spell damage while
illuminated by a light source, they're
inflicting radiating orb. You cannot use
this one. I got this confused with the
other one that does two additional
points of radiant damage. So do not use
this ring. That's for spell damage. Uh
you'd want to use the one that just does
a flat two um damage. Um a flat two acid
damage I believe it is. So I got those
two. The callus glow ring is the name of
it. Um, and also another amulet too is
the amulet of mist. Pretty much amulet
amulet thought is going to be a
defensive or utility choice for this
character. So, let's put all this
together and show off what the damage
can be like. Jumping into combat, let's
take a look at some things and have some
fun. Um, I'm going to show you what this
oops what this can look like using giant
form after this little portion. But I
want to show first off what a lot of
what this character can do using near
Luna or near. Um, first off, we've just
jumped into combat and I've quaed a
haste potion just to show off having
some additional actions where we can do
some stuff with that with. Uh, so what
we want to do here is first things first
is we want to use giant's rage. This is
going to enter a rage and increase our
size. So, we'll do
that. And we're going to immediately go
into elemental cleaver. This does not
require an action or a bonus action.
It's one of the best boons. It only
lasts for 10 turns, but we don't have to
worry about our action economy or it
being affected. Otherwise, it would not
make Elemental Cleaver as good because
you can only use elemental cleaver when
you're in enraged, and you can only
enrage when you're in combat. So, we
don't have to worry about that as much
here. So, we're going to go ahead and do
that. And we're just going to apply
thunder because we're focusing on as
much thunder damage with this build. So,
right now, this weapon here does 1d6
additional thunder.
Um 13 to 25 in total. uh you can use a
shield in the off hand, but it will shut
down some of your other items, so I
don't recommend it. So, what we want to
do here is throw. And we can do a lot of
different ways to approach throwing
because we're now a giant barb and we're
pretty large. Mighty Impel, you might
think a special type of thing that does
special damage. What I want you to think
of mighty Impel as, think of it in the
same way that Berserker or the Berserk
barbarian gets a bonus action of enraged
throw. Mighty impel is the same thing
only the throw that you're doing is
creature related. So we'll show that in
a bit here. But let's go ahead and press
throw and let's click on this one and
let's click right here. This one being
our our
weapon.
O little bit of splash damage there. Did
a little bit of damage. That's fine. So
we did 26 damage from the rage plus the
rage. Thunder damage plus the tavern
brawler plus more from the tavern
brawler. So you can see that there's a
ton of damage was just dished out here.
Um I I don't what what 34 37 uh plus an
addition. So 45 total damage right
there. Right. And we can go ahead and do
it again. I can even I'm going to throw
it right here. So it's in the middle of
all of them. There we go. Did a bunch of
damage right there. And it and it hit
for quite a bit as well. 26 4 8 and 7.
But you're a giant barb. And half the
fun of being a giant barb is suplex
throwing things into stuff because
that's the attack animation they chose
to go with. Let's go over here and throw
a human being right into another human
being. It's killed one and left this
one. Well, it was prone. Oh, there we
go. Prone. So, I mean, obviously, I'm
not going to I'm not going to attack it,
but I could go ahead now and throw at
it and just do a ton of damage to it. 25
4 8 9 Lots of damage was done. But wait,
we can use a thunder. We can thunder
action. We can use a a bonus action. I'm
sorry, action search. You get another
action and then walk over here and throw
another person into another
person. And with mighty impel, we're
just doing the same exact action, only
it's relegated strictly to throwing
people rather than throwing a weapon,
which berserk uh and rage throw does
here. So, we just trash this whole
entire group of people. I mean, this
person's left alive with a piddling or
middling 14 hit points, but you can see
how you can really get disgusting amount
of damage on board with this character
by just slashing your way through stuff
and I'm sorry, throwing your way through
stuff. So, that's half the fun here. So,
let's go ahead and end this turn and end
this turn and end this turn. We're going
to see some damage attempts on us.
That's okay. And we'll show I just want
to show Mighty Impel real quick. Uh,
just so that you can see that it doesn't
really do anything different
damage-wise.
This person's going to make a throw on
me. You don't even know how. You don't
even know how the first thing of
throwing,
buddy. Just do a bunch of flicks here
and
there. And since we have so much
dexterity, we have the that ability um
as a barbarian to get plus three to our
initiative. We have a pretty decent
initiative. So, we're usually almost
always going first, if not second. Um in
this case, I don't know. I got unlucky.
I think our initiative is actually only
six, which is pretty low. Um, so we're
going to come back to Carlac and Carl's
going to have fun throwing someone into
a fence over here just to show you what
mighty Impel looks like. We can click
this. Now, we could also too use Boot of
the Giants and kick someone just so you
know it's it's there. But Mighty Impel,
we're going to throw this person. The
problem is that your Mighty Impel, it's
got a pretty limited throw range. That's
the important thing to know here. Uh,
versus I don't think throw can reach
either. Yeah, it can. It's just just
worth noting throw range of your actual
weapon, you could see, is going to reach
this person, but mighty impell just
picking up anyone is just going to have
a pretty limited throw range. We'll just
chuck this person real
quick. Throwing them into someone does
way more damage, which you can see 83
knocked them prone. Uh, if we go up here
to just throwing someone, which was
right around here, use throw on on fit
kipso.
uh hit uh yeah on fit kept on fist keo
fist Selena hit Fist Kepso for 11 then
eight then eight then eight then seven.
So that extra 11 came from the collision
of these two individuals. So they're
still pretty much the same damage. It's
just you're not in this instance we
didn't hit anyone. Usually mighty Impel
you'd want to hit someone. So let me
just jump real back. Let me kind of roll
this save and show you the giant
balderon slayer or baldon giant slayer
and how giant form works here too. So to
look at the giant balderon slayer, we
have a really cool ability here and that
is called giant form. Go to a fearsome
size weapons deal an additional oops 1d6
damage and you gain 27 temp hit
points. You just have to know though
that this is overwritten by your
enrage. So you can't stack this stuff
up. Um, you can't go giants enrage and
giant form. You can with any other
enrage, but specifically with giants
enrage, it will not work. Let's just
show that off really quick. So, we're
about to jump into combat. I'm going to
use giant's
form. What's funny is we're still going
to increase in size. But, we're at
Giants form. We're huge. We have 10
turns to use this. I'm going to use
speed potion just to We can do
that. Come back over here. Go into
combat.
Um, we'll wait here. We only got this
one person to do their little thingy
thing.
Okay. Yeah, I get it. We're all going to
do an in snaring strike. We're all going
to miss. Now, we're back to Mommy
Carlac. So, I need to go into Giants's
rage. Basically, you get the same stuff
here, right? You just can't stack them.
Look at my Look at my 10 pit points.
It's 27. Remember, you can only get 10
pit points from one source that is
currently active. And we have Giant's
form active right
here. She still increases in size, which
is funny, but Giant's rage overwrites
it. And our 10 hit points drop from 27
to 15. So, I just wanted to show that
off. If you do want to use the Boulder
and Giant Slayer, just don't rely on
Giant's form to be the thing that does
all the damage for you. You can still do
all the damage you want using the
Baldron's Giant Slayer just as it we did
before. my little trick. I mean, you can
do that just fine. Doesn't it doesn't
have the big boom explosion that we had
before, but just to show you it has that
capability as if if you wanted to use
it. Critical miss. Of course, in the
middle of a video, I would get a
critical miss. Why wouldn't I? We can do
all those things that we did before. We
can run over here and chuck this person
into that person without any problem.
So, the Balon Giant Slayer is, you know,
one of the best 200 weapons in the game,
but I wanted to show how you can't
really use its abilities to the best of
their ability, unless you wanted to go
ahead and just run up there with this
thing.
Like, you can still do top of the big
folk and have fun with that if you want,
but it's just knowing that giant form
and giant's rage don't stack. So, this
build's a lot of fun. It it takes the
throwing recipe and kind of turns it on
its head a little bit by focusing on you
throwing people by focusing on you using
mighty impel to really get the most out
of throwing people. And it's honestly
it's a ton of fun. I was really against
the whole notion of throwing people. I'm
like, man, I can just throw weapons and
it's so much cooler because now I can
make it so I can throw any weapon. I
honestly find that it's so fun to
disrupt the battlefield by throwing
things into each other and knocking them
out, making them lose concentration,
whatever it is. You'll find that the
amount of control that throwing people
gives you is actually far more
advantageous than sometimes just doing
outright damage. Of course, doing
outright damage and killing things is
great, but being able to have them prone
and then be lined up for an attack is
huge. Like, man, I just did 47 damage to
that. And this isn't even a character
that's focused in melee damage. So you
get my point here is knocking things
prone. That's what reverberation does.
That's what throwing things does. Allows
you to really open the door to lots of
damage for the rest of the party or even
the character that's throwing things. So
have fun with this build. A lot of
different ways you can approach it. Go
ahead and let me know if you've chosen
different routes, different items for
your builds in Balderskate 3. But as
always guys, thank you so much for
watching here today. Have a good one and
take care.
[Music]